{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf130
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red16\green60\blue192;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Blesst Chest\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lCYyPMfxiKs"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lCYyPMfxiKs}}\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bp1rAxw3ys8"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bp1rAxw3ys8}}\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1F2HzjJZVts"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1F2HzjJZVts}}\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://soundcloud.com/user-805652453/sets/blesst-chest-wish-we-were-there/s-EspkK"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 https://soundcloud.com/user-805652453/sets/blesst-chest-wish-we-were-there/s-EspkK}}\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 hey jenny, here is our "Pitch" email that we've used for labels.\'a0 it has a link to the record.\'a0 also, the BC dudes are stoked about your idea.\'a0 if it works out, that would be rad.\'a0 if you have any questions about anything, lemme know.\
\
jayjayjay\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs26 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 \
\
\
\
The band called Blesst Chest.\'a0 \
\
In brief-\'a0 it's instrumental loud rock with some psych prog elements.\'a0 \
\
Here is the whole album in a private sound cloud link-\
\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://soundcloud.com/user-805652453/sets/blesst-chest-wish-we-were-there/s-EspkK"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 https://soundcloud.com/user-805652453/sets/blesst-chest-wish-we-were-there/s-EspkK}}\
\cb1 \
\cb4 Jake the drummer is a current member of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stephen_Malkmus_and_the_Jicks"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 Stephen Malkmus and the Jicks}}.\'a0 Darrell the bass player played in {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Joggers"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 The Joggers}}.\'a0 Jay the guitarist played in {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/31Knots"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 31knots}} and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://lipsandribs.bandcamp.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 Lips and RIbs}}.\'a0 \
\
Blesst Chest has been a band for about 2 years, this being our first album.\'a0 We've played about 20 or so live shows.\
\
The album was engineered by Gary Jarman from {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Cribs"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 The Cribs}} in his first foray into production.\'a0 \cb1 \
\
\cb4 Dave Fulton mastered the album and played keys on several tracks. \cb1 \
\
\cb4 We have 4 music video's completed.\'a0 Two has been released, the other 2 we are sitting on to help promote the album.\'a0 Here they are in unlisted YouTube links.\'a0 I'm pretty sure we are going to do one more.\
\
Already released.\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1F2HzjJZVts"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1F2HzjJZVts}}\
\
Already released.\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bp1rAxw3ys8"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bp1rAxw3ys8}}\
\
\
Unreleased.\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8U-jqzqOGzA&feature=youtu.be"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8U-jqzqOGzA&feature=youtu.be}}\
\
Unreleased.\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lCYyPMfxiKs"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 \strokec5 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lCYyPMfxiKs}}\
\
\
Also, the JPG file attached is the album art work, front and back.\'a0\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
}